---
layout: post
title: 'CIBC Square Construction Update - January, 5 2018'
date: 2018-01-05T18:47:26.000Z
thumbnail: /assets/images/uploads/cibc_square-20180105-160140.jpg
pdf: ''
---
Dear neighbours,

We hope you all had a great holiday season.

Starting January 8th, we will be resuming the construction of the foundations for the future public park spanning over the rail corridor. Unfortunately, this means that we will need to carry out overnight work, as we are only allowed to have access to the rail corridor when trains are not running. Until now, we have been granted access to the rail corridor only between 12am to 5am, from Monday to Friday. At this pace, we expect to complete this work by mid-February. 

 

We understand that the drilling and excavation work in the rail corridor can create inconveniences for our neighbours. For this reason, we have requested earlier access to the site and an additional work block during the day on Saturdays. If this permission is granted to us, we will be able to complete the noisiest activities around midnight and to shorten the schedule by approximately two weeks.

 

Our permit for extended work hours (7pm to 10pm) on our 81 Bays St property will expire on January 19. After that date, the typical work schedule on this property will follow regular construction hours, which are from 7am to 7 pm on weekdays and from 9am to 7pm on Saturdays.

For any questions, comments or suggestions please email us at community@CIBCSquare.com.
