---
layout: post
title: 'CIBC Square Construction Update - December 4, 2017'
date: 2017-12-04T13:58:33-05:00
thumbnail: /assets/images/uploads/cibc square elevated public park.jpg
pdf: /assets/images/uploads/axo - elevated public park.pdf
---
Dear neighbours,

As indicated in our previous update, we have started the construction of the foundations for the future public park spanning above the rail corridor and connecting the south and north buildings of the CIBC Square complex (see illustrations attached).  



Because we are building in the rail corridor, we can only work when we are given the opportunity to do so, which is outside the normal train operating hours. Unfortunately, this means we are only permitted to work at night, as we are not allowed to have construction personnel or equipment on the rail corridor while the trains are running on the tracks. Building these caisson foundations requires excavation and drilling, which can be noisy when drilling reaches bedrock. Once excavation for a caisson is complete, steel reinforcement is installed and concrete is poured into the hole. Given the limited time allowed for us to work on the rail corridor, we can only complete one of these foundations per day. There will be approximately 40 caisson foundations installed to support the structure of the elevated park, we expect to have completed the caisson foundation work by mid-February.



We are working closely with our contractor, EllisDon, to expedite this work and to reduce as much as possible the impact of the noise for our neighbors, including proceeding during the winter season when windows are closed. 



We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. We will keep you and your association regularly updated on the progress in completing this work and on the construction of the CIBC Square project in general. 



For any questions, comments or suggestions please email us at community@CIBCSquare.com.
